Add Head Pose Tracker docs (#248)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: user-docs/data-format.md

status, img1 = capture.read() # extract the first frame
status, img2 = capture.read() # second frame...
```

> When using the setting `more CPU smaller file`: A `mpeg4` compressed video stream of the world view in a `.mp4` container. The video is compressed using ffmpeg's default settings. It gives a good balance between image quality and files size. The frame rate of this file is set to your capture frame rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the setting `more CPU smaller file`: A `mpeg4` compressed video stream of the world view will be created in an `.mp4` container. The video is compressed using ffmpeg's default settings. It gives a good balance between image quality and files size. The frame rate of this file is set to your capture frame rate.
```

> When using the setting `less CPU bigger file`: A raw `mjpeg` stream from the world camera world view in a `.mp4` container. The video is compressed by the camera itself. While the file size is considerably larger than above, this will allow ultra low CPU while recording. It plays with recent version of ffmpeg and vlc player. The "frame rate" setting in the Pupil Capture sidebar (Camera Settings > Sensor Settings) controls the frame rate of the videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the setting `less CPU bigger file`: A raw `mjpeg` stream from the world camera world view will be created in an `.mp4` container. The video is compressed by the camera itself. While the file size is considerably larger than above, this will allow ultra low CPU while recording. It plays with recent version of ffmpeg and vlc player. The "frame rate" setting in the Pupil Capture sidebar (Camera Settings > Sensor Settings) controls the frame rate of the videos.
```

#### head_pose_tacker_model.csv and head_pose_tacker_poses.csv

> - `head_pose_tacker_model.csv`: A list of all markers on which the 3d model is based on and the 3d locations of their vertices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `head_pose_tacker_model.csv`: A list of all markers on used to generate the 3d model and the 3d locations of the marker vertices.
```

Author: > A list of all markers **on** used to generate the 3d

@willpatera The `on` was supposed to be deleted as well, correct?

> - `head_pose_tacker_poses.csv`: The headset's pose (rotation and translation) within the 3d model coordinate system for each recorded world frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `head_pose_tacker_poses.csv`: The headset's pose (rotation and translation) within the 3d model coordinate system for each recorded world frame.
```

There should be another note about the `3d model coordinate system`. I can foresee questions about this, like "where is the origin of the 3d model?", "what is the 3d model's coordinate system?"

Author: Agreed. I pushed an appropriate change.
